Your Name: Robert Gerard Govia Suarez

1. Describe two benefits of using functions.
- Functions are much more than just a piece of code that you can reuse it, it’s the smartest way to solve problems, and as the functions on maths, a function can help you on sol problems, in the same way, a line which is extended infinitely for both sides.
- I love very much how I can take parameters from other functions that are solving another problem and return the piece of solution which is needed.

2. If you were getting paid to write this week's "prove" assignment, and could spend another 100 hours on it, what would you do differently?
I would practice every exercise in the textbook: “How to Think Like a Computer Scientist”, and I would write on paper each regular expression to make easier my life.

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
That you can use python to get deep into a document (or any kind of information) and find develop interesting analysis. And how important is to do it wisely saving processing memory. The O analysis seems to be very complicated, but once I started to read and understand how fast a  little piece code can create a complicated waste of thanks of the recursiveness.

4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
Once I look on slack chat to see if I can help anyone, I realize that almost all of my classmate has been helped. Sorry I didn’t help anyone this week.

5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
If there is an automatic way to calculate de Big-O Notation, to use it for testing purposes on every code, maybe, in that way would be easier for me to understand how to avoid unnecessary process on my codes.

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 4 hours
Checkpoint A - 1 hour
Checkpoint B - 1 hour
Team Activity - 5 hours (I have not finished yet, this time I wanted to solve it)
Data Structures Homework - 2 hours
Prove Assignment - 1 hour

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.